Towncrier support in Volto (#3985)
plone/volto: README.md

### Releasing

> For ease the release process, we use the utility [`release-it`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/release-it) which helps with the process, and [`towncrier`](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io) for creating and maintaining change logs.

Reviewer: I missed this grammar fix on the first pass.

```suggestion
To ease the release process, we use the utility [`release-it`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/release-it) which helps with the process, and [`towncrier`](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io) for creating and maintaining change logs.
```

### Releasing

> For ease the release process, we use `release-it` utility that helps with the process and `towncrier` for creating and maintaining changelogs.

Reviewer: This also puts the links inline, so they can be removed below.

```suggestion
For ease the release process, we use the utility [`release-it`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/release-it) which helps with the process, and [`towncrier`](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io) for creating and maintaining change logs.
```

> https://www.npmjs.com/package/release-it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For using it and start a release you need to fulfill the requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a release, you must fulfill the following requirements:
```

> - Have permissions to push on master branch

Reviewer: What do I need do to request such permission?

```suggestion
- Have permission to push to `master` branch.
```

Author: If one wants to release Volto, he might already have, right? I mean, it would have taken the required actions to have permissions.

Reviewer: I cannot inspect the settings of the volto repo to answer that. That's why I'm asking. :wink:

I know that I need to have signed the Plone Contributor Agreement.

I know I have write permission to create a new branch in `plone/volto`, but why? Is it because a group of which I am a member has write permission?

For `master`, is it restricted in any way beside CI checks? Again, I know I can push to `master`, but what gives me that permission?

> - Have permissions on the @plone org on npmjs.com

Reviewer: What kind of permission?

What do I need do to request such permission?

```suggestion
- Have permission on the [`@plone` organization on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/org/plone).
```

Reviewer: What kind of permission? Write?

What do I need do to request such permission?

> - Have a environment variable (`GITHUB_TOKEN`) with a GitHub personal token with permissions to write the Volto Release page on GitHub (https://www.npmjs.com/package/release-it#github-releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have an environment variable `GITHUB_TOKEN` with a GitHub personal token with permissions to write to the [Volto Release page on GitHub](https://github.com/plone/volto/releases).
  See `release-it` documentation of [GitHub releases](https://www.npmjs.com/package/release-it#github-releases) and GitHub documentation [About releases](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases).
```

> - Have installed `pipx` (https://pypa.github.io/pipx/) in your system

Reviewer: Install on the system, user, or virtual environment Python? Is this not automatically handled with `make` somewhere?

```suggestion
- Install [`pipx`](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/) in your system.
```

Reviewer: Install on the system, user, or virtual environment Python? Is this not automatically handled with make somewhere?
